Doc/readme contribution (#10)
canonical/colcon-in-container: README.md

# colcon-in-container

colcon verb extension to build and test inside a fresh and isolated ROS environment and transfer the results back to the host.

> With this extension, developers can build ROS packages for any ROS 2 distributions directly from colcon independently of the host. With it, one can validate builds and tests making sure all the dependencies are properly listed in their `package.xml` on any ROS 2 distribution. Validating packages and workspace in an isolated and ephemeral environment is key for distributing and packaging software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this extension, developers can build ROS packages for any ROS 2 distributions directly from colcon independently of the host. 
With it, one can validate 'builds' and 'tests' making sure all the dependencies are properly listed in their `package.xml` on any ROS 2 distribution. 
Validating packages and workspace in an isolated and ephemeral environment is key for distributing and packaging software.
```

## Quickstart

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This being a colcon extension, make sure to have [colcon installed](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/user/installation.html).

```

Author: This shouldn't be necessary since installing from the extension with pip like presented will install it's dependencies hence colcon.
I would rather add the colcon installation link in the installation section rather than the quickstart.
What do you think?

- Install the tool:
```
pip3 install -U git+https://github.com/canonical/colcon-in-container
```
- Install and initialize LXD:
```
sudo snap install lxd
lxd init --auto
```

> - At the root of the ROS 2 workspace

Reviewer: Why necessarily at the ws' root? Can't I build a single package directly from that package directory?

Author: Indeed, it works. I will change that.
